Added a Warning to "User Quickstart" to remind the User to only add trusted commands (#94)
modelcontextprotocol/docs: quickstart/user.mdx

This configuration file tells Claude for Dekstop which MCP servers to start up every time you start the application. In this case, we have added one server called "filesystem" that will use the Node `npx` command to install and run `@modelcontextprotocol/server-filesystem`. This server, described [here](https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/servers/tree/main/src/filesystem), will let you access your file system in Claude for Desktop.
</Tip>

<Warning>
**Command Privileges**

> Claude for Desktop will run the commands in the configuration file at the current User Privilege level. Only add commands if you understand and trust the source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Claude for Desktop will run the commands in the configuration file with the permissions of your user account, and access to your local files. Only add commands if you understand and trust the source.
```
